Add simple intro paragraph (#1489)
denoland/docs: runtime/fundamentals/node.md

- /runtime/manual/node/private_registries
---

> - **Deno is fully Node-compatible**. Virtually any modern Node project will run
>   in Deno with little or no change!

Reviewer: Having "fully" and then "virtually" together seems like a slight contradiction.
I think we can simplify this a touch and sound less like we are equivocating. How about this, which removes the "virtually" caveat and refocusses on how most project require little or no change?

```suggestion
- **Deno is Node-compatible**. Most Node projects will run in Deno with little
  or no change!
```

> - **Deno supports virtually all npm packages**. Just use the `npm:` specifier in
>   the import, and Deno takes care of the rest.

Reviewer: I'd also remove the"virtually" caveat here from this headline. We can expand into talking about some limitations in the more detailed part of the page, but the headline here is "you can use npm packages in deno, and look at the simple syntax".

How about:

```suggestion
- **Deno supports npm packages**. Just use the `npm:` specifier in
  the import, and Deno takes care of the rest.
```

For example, here's how you'd import Hono from npm in a Deno project:

> ```

Reviewer: Not sure if the dark mode version of this has the bold border due to the lack of filetype being specified in the code block... but we could add it anyway 

```suggestion
```ts
```
